docs(configuration): fix openPage usage (#4828)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

module.exports = {
  //...
  devServer: {
    open: true,
    openPage: 'different/page',
  },
};
```

Usage via the CLI

```bash
npx webpack serve --open --open-page different/page
```

> W> You do not need to add `/` in starting webpack-dev-server adds it automatically for you else the browser will open `http://localhost:8080//different/page`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> Do not prepend `/` for the page as webpack-dev-server will do it automatically, otherwise the browser will open urls like `http://localhost:8080//different/page`.
```

Reviewer 2: Also fixed in webpack-dev-server@beat ^^

Reviewer: Good to know, we should remove this warning once webpack-dev-server 4 is released.

Usage via the CLI

```bash

> npx webpack serve --open-page /different/page1 --open-page /different/page2

Reviewer: I believe `--open-page` should be used along with `--open`, otherwise it's sort of useless example.

If I pass `/concept`, the browser will open this url `http://localhost:8080//concepts/` instead of `http://localhost:8080/concepts/`. Can you double check it?

Author: Ah yes bug in v3,  fixed in beta. 
It should be `npx webpack serve --open --open-page different/page1 --open-page different/page2 ` with a note regarding `//`

Reviewer 2: `--open` saved for compatibility, but it will be removed, future usage:

- Open page
```
webpack --open-target
```
- Open specific page
```
webpack --open-target /index.html
```
- Open multiple specific pages
```
webpack --open-target /index.html webpack --open-target /bar.html
```
- Open firefox:
```
webpack --open-app firefox
```
- Open specific page with frefox
```
webpack --open-target foo.html --open-app firefox
```
